there she is yeah yes new motel about to
get her started up oh we gotta check the
oil say check
you
alright so there you have the Husqvarna
rototiller the garden is finally run
until we have a basis for where the
garden is you can see I didn't even
touch I'm gonna cut down the trees I'm
gonna leave that for the stump grinder
but ya know I'm super excited got some
good work today
come but I'm gonna come back tomorrow
and give it another go get the dirt all
broken up just get ready for plant then
another day in the garden
which is a good thing evened out the
back some more picked up some trash had
a little trouble rototilling this time
but I think it's because it just did it
yesterday and it's too loose to really
grab a hold of anything so that is my
Rossy on YouTube dude